@h1 Your Marketing Sucks

Atlanta is a Big City.  It is the headquarters of some huge companies:
The Home Depot, CNN, and Coca-Cola.  These big companies give
showplace tours to the public as a means of marketing what they do and
how good they are at doing.  We went to the World of Coca-Cola last
weekend as a part of a short trip to Atlanta.

Coca-Cola, Inc. is supposedly the master of marketing.  I think that
the only thing they do is market.  Some people may argue Coke is
better than Pepsi or Safeway Select.  Few could argue that if they
do not focus 99% of their efforts on marketing, they would not be in
business today.

Your Marketing Sucks is a book by Mark Stevens which I read while I
was working on TruAd.  I knew little about marketing then, and
probably even less now.  TruAd taught me that I did not want to be in
the advertising business.  And, frankly, bivio has taught me that
marketing does not have a great affect on my revenues.  The one thing
that I have learned is the less time I spend on marketing, the better.

Stevens's book is cute, and the title is catchy.  He also wrote Your
Management Sucks, which I prefer of the two.  The title is clearly
written on three lines Your / marketing / sucks.  There is a cute
subtitle "(see details inside)".  Very nice.

Details are the issue, I believe in just about any business.  Get them
wrong, and I believe Your Business Sucks.  The World of Coca-Cola
missed an important detail, I believe.

The World of Coca-Cola is quite a show.  It reminded Joanne and me of
Willy Wonka's factory.  They prepare you for the "happiest place on
Earth" in an auditorium and then set you free to explore.  Wunnerful.

One of the Happy Places is the tasting room.  You are treated to a
vast array of sugary drinks from oodles of fountains.  There is a
special section for the Coke-type products.  The majority of the room
is full of drinks from all over the world.

There are no videos rolling or taste tests.  Coke would not want to
advertise the faces of people tasting the intense quinine drinks, for
example.  The floor is being cleaned constantly, and it is still quite
sticky.  Not something you want on video either.

The tasting room is the exit of the World of Coca-Cola.  The
"world's slowest" bottling plant's assembly line also ends in this
room so you get little glass bottles of Coke as souvenirs.  Happy
people direct you to the only way out: The Gift Shop.  So far so
good.

You cannot re-enter the World of Coca-Cola once you enter the gift
shop.  And, once you leave the gift shop, you can't go back into it,
either.  It's one an assembly line to get you to buy an amazing array
of Coca-Cola products before you
@a href=http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&hl=en&geocode=&q=226+baker,+atlanta&sll=32.794706,-96.648874&sspn=0.011147,0.023432&ie=UTF8&ll=33.763183,-84.393191&spn=0.002756,0.005858&t=h&z=18 go out to the (dry) fountains between the World of Coca-Cola and the
Aquarium@
.

The missing detail is that there are no bathrooms inside the gift
shop.  Imagine a thirteen year-old boy who has just tasted 48
different flavors of Coca-Cola products.  Also imagine the dizzying
array of choices he has in the bathroomless gift shop.  At some point
nature will be calling on this boy, and he will have nowhere to go,
literally.

In order to satisfy his urgent need, he will have to walk across the
fountains through a large field to the public restrooms far, far away
from the World of Coca-Cola gift shop.

Will he want to return?  Of course, but after trudging back across the
tundra he will end up at a door he cannot enter.  Once you exit the
gift shop, you are done.  With a coaxing from his father, the saddened
boy was allowed to re-enter.

Details missing inside. 

@div.sig ^Via_Rob 5/19/2008
